I think you should tell me the story of
how you met my mom why do you keep
saying my mom cuz now that you're
getting divorced
she's mine not yours all her life Maya
has wondered how her parents met do you
have another girl for me I had two
serious girlfriends and then there's
some other smattering of other women
what's the boy word for [ __ ] they still
haven't come up with one yet I'm gonna
tell you the story I'm not telling you
who your mom is
I'm you just have to figure it out for
yourself and I'm changing all the names
and some of the facts I just decided
that right now because I make the rules
and then we're gonna see how smart you
are I like it it's like a love story
mystery I'm ready
14 years ago I was in love with my
college sweetheart let's call her Emily
Emily I am worried New York is gonna
change you change can be good yes
forgiveness the summer summer partly go
beer but himself
everyone knows that the girlfriend in
the beginning of the story gets dumped
maybe summer Hartley is my mother
it's from Emily you read this I read a
page I'm Paige and the part about you
and Emily touching each other and
kissing oh that part you're a great
writer
sorry just curious I keep my eye on the
ball
Emily and I have a future with a plan
which may involve some type of threesome
that threesome that's a game that adults
play sometimes when they're bored
whatever may attend copies the toilet
paper I know what's really cool we can
just sit here we don't have to worry
about flirting or all the attraction
stuff poor April he's always been the
front end she realized she wants to be
the girlfriend why are you so concerned
with all of this I want you to be happy
happy trust me Dad you're not happy
gonna close my for will Hayes a second
look at the past you and me it kind of
be like cats and dogs oil and water
sandpaper and bare ass that's gross
might give him a second chance for the
future a story has a happy ending
[Music]
definitely I think I discovered who my
mom is in the story who is it
[Music]